customer obsession
definition: leaders start with the customer and work backwards. they work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. although leaders pay attention to competitors, they obsess over customers.
questions:
1. describe a difficult interaction you had with a customer. how did you deal with it? what was the outcome? how would you handle it differently?
2. tell me about a time when you went above and beyond for a customer. why did you do it? how did the customer respond? what was the outcome?
3. give me an example of when you were able to anticipate a customer need with a solution/product they didn't know they needed/wanted yet. how did you know they needed this? how did they respond?

ownership
definition: leaders are owners. they think long term and don’t sacrifice long-term value for short-term results. they act on behalf of the entire company, beyond just their own team. they never say “that’s not my job.”
questions:
1. tell me about a time when you took on something significant outside your area of responsibility. why was it important? what was the outcome?
2. describe a time when you didn't think you were going to meet a commitment you promised. how did you identify the risk and communicate it to stakeholders? is there anything you would do differently?
3. give me an example of an initiative you undertook because you saw that it could benefit the whole company or your customers, but wasn’t within any group’s individual responsibility so nothing was being done.

invent and simplify
definition: leaders expect and require innovation and invention from their teams and always find ways to simplify. they are externally aware, look for new ideas from everywhere, and are not limited by “not invented here.” as we do new things, we accept that we may be misunderstood for long periods of time.
questions:
1. give me an example of a complex problem you solved with a simple solution. what made the problem complex? how do you know your solution addressed the problem?
2. describe the most innovative thing you’ve done and why you thought it was innovative. ask for one or two more examples to see if it's a pattern of innovative thinking. what was the problem it was solving? what was innovative about it?
3. tell me about a time when you were able to make something simpler for customers. what drove you to implement this change? what was the impact?

insist on the highest standards
definition: leaders have relentlessly high standards—many people may think these standards are unreasonably high. leaders are continually raising the bar and drive their teams to deliver high quality products, services and processes. leaders ensure that defects do not get sent down the line and that problems are fixed so they stay fixed.
questions:
1. tell me about a time you wouldn’t compromise on achieving a great outcome when others felt something was good enough. what was the situation?
2. tell me about a time when you were unsatisfied with the status quo. what did you do to change it? what was the impact? would you do anything differently in the future?
3. tell me about a time when you worked to improve the quality of a product / service / solution that was already getting good customer feedback. why did you think it needed improvement? how did customers react?
4. give me an example of a goal you’ve had where you wish you had done better. what was the goal and how could you have improved on it?

bias for action
definition: speed matters in business. many decisions and actions are reversible and do not need extensive study. we value calculated risk taking.
questions:
1. give me an example of a calculated risk that you have taken where speed was critical. what was the situation and how did you handle it? what steps did you take to mitigate the risk? what was the outcome? knowing what you know now, would you have done anything differently?
2. tell me about a time when you worked against tight deadlines and didn't have time to consider all options before making a decision. how much time did you have? what approach did you take? what did you learn from the situation?
3. describe a situation where you made an important business decision without consulting your manager. what was the situation and how did it turn out? would you have done anything differently?

learn and be curious
definition: leaders are never done learning and always seek to improve themselves. they are curious about new possibilities and act to explore them.
questions:
1. what is the coolest thing you have learned on your own that has helped you better perform your job?
2. tell me about a time when you realized you needed to have a deeper level of subject matter expertise to do your job well?
3. tell me of a time when you took on work outside of your comfort area and found it rewarding?

earns trust
definition: leaders listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully. they are vocally self-critical, even when doing so is awkward or embarrassing. leaders do not believe their or their team’s body odor smells of perfume. they benchmark themselves and their teams against the best.
questions:
1. tell me about a time when you had to communicate a change in direction that you anticipated people would have concerns with. what did you do to understand the concerns and mitigate them? were there any changes you made along the way after hearing these concerns? how did you handle questions and/or resistance? were you able to get people comfortable with the change?
2. give me an example of a tough or critical piece of feedback you received. what was it and what did you do about it?
3. describe a time when you needed to influence a peer who had a differing opinion about a shared goal. what did you do? what was the outcome?
4. tell me about a piece of direct feedback you recently gave to a colleague. how did he or she respond? how do you like to receive feedback from coworkers or managers?

dive deep
definition: leaders operate at all levels, stay connected to the details, audit frequently, and are skeptical when metrics and anecdote differ. no task is beneath them.
questions:
1. tell me about a time when you were trying to understand a complex problem on your team and you had to dig into the details to figure it out. who did you talk with or where did you have to look to find the most valuable information? how did you use that information to help solve the problem?
2. tell me about a situation that required you to dig deep to get to the root cause. how did you know you were focusing on the right things? what was the outcome? would you have done anything differently?
3. tell me about a problem you had to solve that required in-depth thought and analysis. how did you know you were focusing on the right things? what was the outcome? would you have done anything differently?

deliver results
definition: leaders focus on the key inputs for their business and deliver them with the right quality and in a timely fashion. despite setbacks, they rise to the occasion and never settle.
questions:
1. give me an example of a time when you were able to deliver an important project under a tight deadline. what sacrifices did you have to make to meet the deadline? how did they impact the final deliverable? what was the final outcome?
2. tell me about a time when you had significant, unanticipated obstacles to overcome in achieving a key goal. what was the obstacle? were you eventually successful? knowing what you know now, is there anything you would have done differently?
3. tell me about a time when you not only met a goal but considerably exceeded expectations. how were you able to do it? what challenges did you have to overcome?

are right, a lot
definition: leaders are right a lot. they have strong judgment and good instincts. they seek diverse perspectives and work to disconfirm their beliefs.
questions:
1. tell me about a time when you didn't have enough data to make the right decision. what did you do? what path did you take? did the decision turn out to be the correct one?
2. tell me about a strategic decision you had to make without clear data or benchmarks. how did you make your final decision? what alternatives did you consider? what were the tradeoffs of each? how did you mitigate risk?
3. we don't always make the right decision all the time. tell me about a time when you made a bad decision.
4. tell me about a time when you discovered that your idea was not the best course of action. what was your idea? why wasn't your idea the best course of action? how did you find out it was not the correct path? what was the best course of action? who provided it? what did you learn from the experience?

think big
definition: thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy. leaders create and communicate a bold direction that inspires results. they think differently and look around corners for ways to serve customers.
questions:
1. tell me about time when you were working on an initiative or goal and saw an opportunity to do something much bigger or better than the initial focus. did you take that opportunity? why or why not? what was the outcome?

have backbone; disagree and commit
definition: leaders are obligated to respectfully challenge decisions when they disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. leaders have conviction and are tenacious. they do not compromise for the sake of social cohesion. once a decision is determined, they commit wholly.
questions:
1. tell me about a time when you strongly disagreed with your manager or peer on something you considered very important to the business. what was it and how did you handle it? knowing what you know now, would you do anything differently?
2. describe a time when you took an unpopular stance in a meeting with peers and your leader. what was it? why did you feel strongly about it? what did you do? what was the outcome?

hire and develop the best
definition: leaders raise the performance bar with every hire and promotion. they recognize exceptional talent, and willingly move them throughout the organization. leaders develop leaders and take seriously their role in coaching others. we work on behalf of our people to invent mechanisms for development like career choice.
questions:
1. give me an example of a time you provided feedback to develop the strengths of someone on your team. were you able to positively impact their performance?
